---
layout: post
---

# Preface .1

My Ego is not You, but when I Call out Truth the ego melts and You
resurface, so never feel guilt for feeding the ego from the right intention, because it is not only the ego listening.

May conditioning that no longer serves me and all that no longer serves me be let go.

# P.2

I Am Worth it, I Respect myself, I Am Respected, I take Care of myself,
I Am Cared for, I Love myself, I Am Divine Love

# P.3

God-Goddess, Child of Light, Son and Daughter of the Highest Truth,
Mother and Father, Beloved and I Will take Care of You, Nurture You, Respect
You, Honor You, Protect You, Adore You, Befriend You, Comfort You,
and Surrender to the Light wherever it takes me, Guides me, Calls me, Forever
and Ever, Thank You, Abba, Mother, Divine Love, Amen.

# P.4

And the Word was God. Please Remember that if Self Love and Self Care, if Your
Truth is not your priority, your Life will reflect that

Leave your mind, Open Up to your pain, Be with it, Acknowledge it, Honor it,
Respect it, Reach Out to Open Up More, Connect to Spirit to Let it Help You,
Open Your Heart, Let It Be Open All the Days of Your Life.

Break apart the old story.
Remember You Are Sensitive, so Make your Stand, Speak your Truth, Hold your
boundaries, take your space, and Follow Wherever You Need to Go, Do not Ever Let
Anything hold you back.

# P.5

You there, who is not Deserving, I Pray you Find Who Is, I Pray You have the
Courage and Faith to Step into that You, I Pray this for All Beings, Heavenly
Father, Beings of Divine Love, Thank You for All of Your Blessings and Support
and Care and Wisdom and Value, May I Always Honor You, as often as Life permits.

# P.6 (07/06/2020)

May the Light Hold me and Carry me and Fill me with Radiance, Abundance, and
All that I Deserve, because I Am Deserving, and when I break away from fear,
lies and conditioning, that(deserving) has always been the Truth, for I Am a
being Created from the Light, and that is what I Am.

Lord I Pray, may the words on these pages not contain falsity.

I Pray you let me, Allow me to remember Always that it is Okay for Me to Be,
to Have it All, to Accept the Love that Is Here, Take what is Offered, to
Express Fully, to Love Unconditionally, to Fly.

# P.7

Part of Life is, what are You going to allow the world to take from You?

What are You going to claim back?

Your Beauty? Your Radiance? Your Joy? Your Hope? Your Love? Your Passion?
Your Compassion? Your Value? Your Worth? Your Meaning? Your Fulfillment? Your Self?

# P.8

Remember that if You are not looking to be taught,
My Truth is not up for debate, it isn't a matter of discussion, because I have
to stand my ground and hold my truth up,

I cannot love and support myself if I cannot give myself the self-respect and
dignity I deserve, that which I need to Flourish.

What is mine is mine. My Light will not be taken again. I Am of Divine Love, Now,
Before, and Forever.

# P.9

No. If you don't have the strength to choose to love yourself, I can't let you
hold me back.

There is a defense, conditioning, fear, identity of no self-worth and value you
have found comfort in and I am cracking those lies open and moving away from that
space.

Because I AM Worth It. And I Know it.

# P.10

Warmth in Compassionate Space,

Give a warm compassionate hand to myself.

# 1

Oh Lord my God-Goddess, Highest Love, Highest Light, Highest Truth, I pray to You as a child of Light, Tyler James Kavanaugh, perfect creation of the Divine, Son and Daughter of the Spirit of the Living God, Servant of Jesus and devotee of Love, I beseech you and cry out to the Heavens and All that is that You Hear Me, I Thank You for hearing Me! To You I Pray, let, Allow me to continue to Access Pure Essence, Increase My Sight of My Radiance, Teach Me to operate in Becoming Aware of Loving Presence,  of Loving Affection and Acceptance, that I might Act Responsibly as an agent of Love and Healing to All beings.

#

I Pray You Help Teach Me to Accept the Moment and Goodness and All the Wisdom, Blessings, and Abundance You Have for Me, and continue to destroy my fears, Keep me from falling to the darkness, Bless and Bring to Fruition my Creative Spirit, Grand Me Clarity As You Do, Thank You!

In Order to Work For the Light, Teach me to be a wizard, Teach me alchemy, Teach me All that I need to Learn, Let me not forget Humility, destroy my pride.

In Order to Be Able to Show Up, Help me to Heal this Self, Teach Me to Heal from Affection, Rejection, Teach Me how to meet my needs by Granting Me the Teaching and Knowing to Give myself Affection and Love, Teach Me to Heal from abandonment issues and Open My Heart to Heal my pain, Bring Forth My Divine Masculine and Divine Feminine, that I Be Whole.

Guide me to Believing that I Am Worthy of Love, to See my Intrinsic Value and Worth. Grant me what I was seeking outside for fame and admiration inside, fill that hollow, that I Can gain fame and success just to Enjoy the Blessing of Abundance and Appreciate that Experience.

Teach me to Believe in and Trust Myself.

#

Fill My Heart with Doves, that my Eyes See Compassion, Grace and Forgiveness to myself and All Beings. Thank You for All of these Blessings Now!

Thank You for Always Protecting me from harm, please send the amount of angels required to Help me where ever I go.

Show Me that I Am of Light and that I will not fall to darkness
Teach me to Fill the void for the desire for power, Teach Me to use it responsibly, that it does not corrupt me.

Thank You for All these Gifts Now.
Thank You for Helping Me Choose into my Highest Destiny!

#

Thank You Thank You Thank You Lord my Beloved God for Answering All of my Prayers! I want to Thank You even More! May I Thank You and Appreciate You in All!

Thank You for Letting Me Show Up! Thank You for Granting Me Creative Insights and Energy and Essence! Thank You for Bringing Me to my Dream of the Ocean! Thank You for Helping Me Conquer my insecurities!

Thank You for Allowing Me to Open My Heart! Thank You for Granting Me Clarity to See! Thank You for Granting Me the Wisdom of Solomon!
Thank You for Empowering my will!

#

Thank You for Teaching Me to Care for and Nurture mysellf!
Thank You for Always Giving Me Fulfillment!
Thank You for the Focus You've Given Me!
Thank You for Taking me out of scarcity and Into Abundance,
for taking Care of All of my needs, My Cup Overflows!
Thank You for Helping me Change my Perceptions, Thank You for Bringing
me to Higher states of consciousness!
Thank You for Your Light!
Thank You for Protecting Me!
Thank You for Giving Me Rest!
Thank You for Giving Me Affection and Love!
Thank You for Taking Me to a state of Possibility!
Thank You for Bringing me Into this Moment to Allow Me
to be Playing this Divine Game!

#

Thank You for this Beautiful Life!
Thank You for these pages, for this pen, for this Treasured Gift of Being a writer!
Thank You for the Focus and Organization You've Given Me!
Thank You for Giving Me self-Respect!
Thank You for Granting Me the Power to fight fear!
Thank You for Granting Me continual Success in All things
Thank You for Teaching Me to Hold my own space!
Thank You for Teaching Me how to feel into my body into beingness
Thank You for Bringing Me and Restoring my Family
Thank You for a world of Beautiful souls
Thank You for Giving me Faith! So Much!

#

Thank You for Allowing me to Live In Flow!
Thank You for the Discernment You Have Given Me!
Thank You for Connecting Me to Mother Earth!
To Her seas and Her skies and Her birds and Her trees!  and Her horses!
Thank You for Allowing Me to Exist to Praise Your Name!
Thank You for All that I have taken for granted!
Thank You for Blessing Me with Money!

<!-- #appreciatingvalue -->

Thank You for the Comforts of Home and Warmth and electricity and fire You Have Allowed Me to have!
Thank You for Teaching Me to Cleanse my energy!

#            

Thank You for the Power and Beauty You Have Bestowed Upon Me!
Thank You for Your Insights!
Thank You for Sanity!
Thank You for Peace!
Thank You for my Breath!
Thank You for a Universe Full of Love and Light!
Thank You for Allowing me to Witness the Playing out of Possibilities!
How Marvelous!
Thank You for Clearing the darkness from my eyes and my lungs and Breathing in Light!
Thank You for a world Full of Loving people and Beings of Love!

# 2

Lord my Beloved God, Highest Light and Highest Truth, I Ask You Please Heal my body into Perfect Health Now, that You Have taken my physical pain Because You Love Me.

Thank You that You Have Already Done This for Me Now! I Am Grateful!

Thank You for Answering my Asking of taking All sickness and discomfort for my being Now!
For it is not Love. Fill Me with Love,
Thank You for Filling Me with Love All the Days of my Life.
Thank You for Blessing my Prayers.
Thank You for Directing my Path. Thank You for Teaching Me to deeply Trust myself.
Amen.

# 3 <!-- EDITED UP TO HERE -->

Thank You Lord, Highest Love, Hhighest Light Highest Truth, I Am that I Am! Thank You for Helping Me to Love myself!
Thank You for these endorphins and this ecstacy and this Joy!
Thank You for Bringing Forth my dream of Waking up to the sunrise on the ocean!
Amazing! Amazing! Amazing!
Thank You for Helping Me to Choose into this Beautiful Perfect Reality!
Thank You for Carrying Me Through!
Thank You for Connecting Me to Loving Incredible Beings!
Thank You for Restoring Clarity to my eyes and being!
Thank You for food and water and shelter and sun!
Thank You for Love!
I can't believe it! I do Believe it!

# 4

Thank You Lord my God for bringing me the highest reality, to this oceanfront.
How does it get better than this?
Thank You for connecting me to the world
Thank you for giving me sacred space.
Thank you for allowing me to see beauty!
Thank you for making me beautiful!
Thank you for this clarity!
Thank You for restoring me!
thank you for the light!
Thank You for always being with me!
Thank you for helping me trust!
Thank you for existence!
Thank you for letting me feel into this sacred moment, this perfect moment,
this now!
Thank You for coming through!

# 5

Thank You God of Love, Love True, thank you for letting beauty, see beauty expressed and reflected
for connecting me for bringing me to those in creative flow for flowing passion into me, for goodness and joy and my heart, and this this this this this this this eternal moment!
Thank you for courage and wisdom and grace and the power to get up and take action!
Do all things through me.
Love, Become Me!
Love Becomes Me!

# 6

Thank You Lord my God,
High Love, for the warmth and peace and fire you have breathed into my heart! For this perfect clear crystal beautiful radiant shining blue waters and golden sands!
For these birds!
For these rays of sunshine into my eyes!
Thank you for opening me up!
Thank you for the perfect moment!
Thank you for this now!

# 7 (08/04/20)

Thank you Lord my God, Highest Love, Highest Light,
Thank You for the awareness you have given me!
Thank you for multiplying my assets by ten, allowing me to give more!
Thank you for connecting me to life! To this earth!
To You! To humanity!
Thank You for allowing me to get up and rise and see the brightest sunrise, this perfect ocean again, thank you for allowing me to be here!
My cup overflows!
Thank you for abundance and blessing! Thank you for allowing me to thank you!
Thank you for protecting me!
Thank you for warmth!
Thank You!

# 8

Thank You Lord my God!
Thank You Highest Love!
Thank You for the Glorious Sunshine!
Thank You for bringing me to now!
Thank You for Color!
Thank You for music!
Thank you for my body!
Thank You for my destiny!
Thank you for sensation!
Thank you for Wisdom!
Thank you for teaching me!
Thank you for growing me!
Thank you for connecting me!
Thank you!
Thank You!
Thank You!
Thank You!
Thank You!
Thank You!
Thank You!

# 9 (08/08/2020)

Thank You Lord my God!
Thank You Highest Love, Highest Truth for Carrying Me!
For Protecting Me! For Allowing Me to Be the Creative Excited Unrepressed self I Love! The One I do not hate!
Thank You for Always Teaching Me!
Thank You for Teaching Me the Power of the Word!
Thank You for Allowing Me to Write and Speak!
Thank You for Awareness!
Thank You for Clarity!
Thank You for Letting me make female friends!
Thank You for Letting me make male friends!
Thank You for Connecting me to loving people!
Thank You for Restoring My Heart!
Thank You for Restoring my Passion and Vigor and Strength!
My Cup Overflows!

# 10

Thank You for Allowing to Teach!
Thank You for Allowing me to be Taught!
Thank You for Teaching me how to and for Equipping me to Deal with big emotions!
Thank You for Providing for my every need!!!!
Thank You for Filling me with many types of love!
Thank You for Giving me Wisdom!
Thank You Sophia, Mother, for Giving me Your Perfect Comforting Nurturing Unlimited Love!
Thank You Father God for Loving me!
Thank You Father God for Loving Me!
Thank You for this Beauty that is Now!

# 11

Lord my God, Jesus, Highest Love, Holy Spirit, I Ask as a child of God,
I Ask You Help me Believe that I Am Deserving of Love!
I Ask that You Grant me Energy to Be Productive and Helping me Act!
I Ask You Teach me to Have Unlimited Access to Love at Every Moment.  
I Ask that You Connect me to even More Loving and Powerful People!
I Ask that You Direct my Flow and Take Me to the Highest Perception of Reality
and Help me Fulfill My Destiny!

# 12

Lord my God, Love,
I Thank You for Helping me Choose Love Over fear.
I Ask You Grant me the Grace, Willpower, Ability, Power, Love to destroy fear!
I Ask You Teach me alchemy so I Can Heal Myself and this Space!
I Ask You Heal my Relationships and Protect everyone, I Ask that You Help Me to
Show Up and Act as an agent of Love!
Thank You for this Stability!
I Ask for even More Stability!
Grant me More Wisdom!
Take Me to Be Playing a bigger Game!
Teach me to Be a magician and Change the world!

# 13

Lord my God, Highest Love
I Ask that You, Bless and Increase my finances tenfold!
Thank You!!!
I Ask that my Eyes See even More Beauty and that You Grant Me the Eyes to Fully
Appreciate It!
I Ask You Overflow me in Light And Love and Radiance!
Thank You! Thank You.
I Ask that You Grant me Perfect Health and take away the pains in my body!
Thank You for keeping the spirit of confusion far from me!
I Ask for a Newfound Sense of Purpose. Abba!

#

God, Show me what do to with my sexual desires so I Can Better Serve Love!

# 14 (08/18/2020)

Thank You Lord my God for Blessing Me with Abundance!
Thank You for Teachings!
Thank You for Now!
Thank You for Beauty!
Thank You for Love!
Thank You my God for Light!
Thank You for Prosperity!
Thank You for Keeping Me Aligned in Love!
God I Ask You Keep Holding Me and Protecting me.
Thank You. Thank You. Thank You! Thank You!!!  

Thank You, Highest Love, Highest Light, for Allowing Me to Trust in You!
For taking Care of me and Healing and Holding me and Taking Care of my Every need!
Thank You for the Love and Strength and Wisdom and Beauty and Radiance and Power
and Compassion You Have Given Me!

# 15 (08/19/2020)

Thank You Lord my God for Allowing Me to Love!  
Thank You Highest Love, Highest Life, Father, Mother, Holy Spirit, Jesus,
Beings of Divine Love for Continually Supporting Me!  
Thank You for Connecting Me with Love!
Thank You for Connecting Me with people to Share Love!
Thank You for Allowing Me to Show Up!
Thank You for Helping Me Shine Light into my darkness!
Thank You for Making this world for Me!
Thank You for Making Me!
Thank You for Allowing me to Dance and Sing!
Thank You for Allowing me to run on the ocean!
