---
layout: post
---

# 01/07/2021

Thank You Lord my God, Light, Life, for your endless Abundance of Blessings and Teachings!

Through every moment You Lead and Guide and teach me.

Thank You for Allowing me to continue to Create!

Thank You for Connecting me during the holidays!

Thank You for Strengthening me and Giving me Wisdom!

Thank You for Empowering my Voice!

Thank You for Your Safety!  

Thank You for Protecting me from those that wish to do me harm!

Thank You for this Rest.

Thank You for this Stillness and comfort and peace.

-

Thank You for this Stability.

Thank You for this Kindness!

Thank You for Healing me!

Thank You for Helping me Let Go of what no longer helps me!

Thank You for Allowing me to Reach Out and Teach!

Thank You for Growing me!

Thank You for Eternity!

-

# 01/08/2021

Thank You Lord my God, Light, Life for Rescuing and Saving my soul!

Thank You for Allowing me to Create that which Inspires and Gives Hope!

Thank You for Flourishing my abilities, my determination, my focus, my resolve, my will!

Thank You for this Abundance of Safety and Protection!

Thank You for this Abundance of Culture and Variety!

Thank You for Leading my way Through!

Thank You for Blessing my Fruits!!

Thank You for Maintaining my Vineyards!

Thank You for this Breath!

Thank You for this oxygen in my lungs!

-

Thank You for Reminding me to Appreciate Life!

# 01/09/2021

Thank You God for making me Me!

Thank You for my existence!

Thank You for Creating me!

Thank You for Creation!

Thank You for Divinity!

Thank You for Love!

Thank You for Allowing Me the Chance to Love!  

Thank You for the Possibility of Being Able to Be!

Thank You for the Possibility of Being Able to Be Thankful and Grateful and Appreciative!

-

Thank You for the Light Upon the Hill! For the Ripples within the Streams!

For the Smooth!

For the Flow!

Thank You for my Heart!

Thank You for my Soul!

Thank You!

Thank You for Reconnecting me to the heavens!

# 01/11/2021

Thank You God for this beautiful life!

Thank You for reopening my soul and reconnecting me to my heart!

Thank You for Leading and Showing Me the Way back!

Thank You for Keeping me on a beautiful path!

Thank You for Helping me make the Right choices!

Thank You for Being Patient with me and Helping me be Patient with myself!

Thank You for this Light!

Thank You for Giving me Love and Forgiveness and Humility and Surrender and Clarity and Eyes to See and Ears to Hear and Discretion and Wisdom and Patience and
Virtue and Wealth and Support and Vision!

Thank You for freeing my mind from the shackles of the matrix.

Thank You for granting the ability to transmute darkness into light.

Thank You for Taking Care of me.

Thank You for Keeping me from harm.

Thank You for this oxygen.

Thank You for this pen.

# 01/16/21

Thank You Lord my God for this sunrise.  

Thank You for Blessing and Sustaining me and Keeping me Connected to Light!

Thank You for a Beautiful Life!

Thank You for Beauty!

Thank You for Faith!

Thank You for Life!

Thank You for Love!

Thank You for Joy!

Thank You for Expression!

Thank You for Spirit!

Thank You for Hope!

Thank You for Allowing me to walk in Kindness!

Thank You for my heart.

Thank You for a song.

Thank You for a dance.

-

Thank You for allowing me to have riches.

Thank You for allowing me to have the computer I always dreamed of.

Thank You that my friends and family are healthy.

Thank You for Leading me to Choose Love.

-

Thank You Lord God For This Creative Flow!

# 01/23/21

Thank You God for Infinite Beauty!

Thank You for Peace!

Thank You for Connecting me to Life!

Thank You for Connecting me to Earth! To Life!

Thank You for Connecting me to the sacred moment!

Thank You for Showing me what matters!

Thank You for Teaching me!

Thank You for Blessing me!

-

My cup overflows!

-

Thank You for Helping me believe that I am deserving of Blessings!

and wealth!

Thank You for this Sunlight!

Thank You for this calm!

Thank You for this ocean!

Thank You for life!

# 01/24/21

Thank You God!

Thank You!

Thank You for the Beautiful Day!

Thank You for these Lessons!

Thank You for this Spirit!

Thank You for this light in my heart!

Thank You for Your Love!

Thank You for Blessing me!

Thank You for Allowing me to build my dream computer!

-

Thank You for Allowing me to Contemplate Being the Universe and not being the universe!

Thank You for Allowing and Helping me to reinterpret reality!

# 01/30/21

Thank You Lord my God for this perfect, wondrous, and beautiful day!

Thank You for light and this sun on my skin!
Thank You for these clear crystaline waters! Thank You for this peace! Thank You for this Still! Thank You for calm!

Thank You for rest!

Thank You for the light of Christ Jesus!
Thank You for Flyleaf! For music!

Thank You for Your Holy Spirit!

Thank You for Arising in me!

Thank You for these lessons and gifts and blessings and freedoms!

# 03/12/2021

Thank You God, Lord, Love, Life, for taking care of me and blessing my life!

I love You!

Thank You for Allowing me to witness this Beauty!

-

Lord, Great All Powerful God of my existence,

Thank You for my Existence!

Thank You for this Light!

Thank You for Your Blessings!

Thank You for Gratitude!

Thank You for Real Value!

Thank You for Me!

Thank You for Peace and Grace!

Thank You for Surrender!

Thank You for Beauty!

Thank You for Sunlight!

Thank You for the Moonlight!

Thank You for the Ocean!

Thank You for the Father!

Thank You for the Mother!

Thank You for the Son!

Thank You for the Holy Spirit!

-

Thank You for Loving Beings!

Thank You for Angels!

Thank You for Truth!

Thank You for food!

Thank You Joy!

Thank You for my Life!

Thank You for humanity!

Thank You for my heart!

Thank You for Possibility!

Thank You for Stillness!

Thank You for Jesus Christ!

Thank You for Love!

Thank You for my soul!

Thank You for Perfection!

Thank You for this Moment!

Thank You for Faith, Compassion, Grace, Forgiveness, Solace, Friendships, Thank You Beloved!

-

Thank You for Strength, Bravery, Kindness!

Thank You for Divinity!

Thank You for You!

Thank You for All that is!

Thank You for Allowing me to walk, to stand, to grow!

Thank You for All that You have Created!

Thank You for Heaven and Earth!

Thank You for the Endless Skies Above!

Thank You for Heaven on Earth!

Thank You for Allowing me to sleep!

Thank You for Allowing me to Rise with the sun!

-

Thank You for Focus!

Thank You for Clarity!

Thank You for Wisdom!

Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You for Healing all of me!

Thank You for Healing my mind! Thank You for All that is!

Thank You for Allowing me to Write!

Thank You for Allowing me to Progress!

Thank You for Allowing me Create!

Thank You for Endless Blessings and Good things!

-

Thank You for Empathy!

Thank You for Productivity!

-

Thank You Heavenly Father For Allowing me to Rise with the sun!

Thank You for a Beautiful, Perfect, Gorgeous Day of Life and Possibility!

Thank You for this Strength!

Thank You for Endless Wisdom!

Thank You Revelation and Realization!

Thank You for Clarity!

Thank You for Being!

Thank You for this Light in my Heart!

Thank You for Gratitude!

Thank You for Purity!

Thank You for Essence!

Thank You for Source!

Thank You for Christ!

Thank You for Christening!

Thank You for Empathy!

Thank You for Productivity!

# 03/14/21

Thank You! Thank You! Thank You!

Thank You, Lord my God for Infinitely Blessing and Fulfilling my Beautiful Life,
my Amazing Existence!

What a Precious Gift!

Thank You for this Endless Clarity and Revelation!

Thank You for this Insightful Revealing Insight,
this profound Insight!

Thank You for these lessons!

-

Thank You for Growth!

Thank You for this Love!

Thank You for this Love!

Thank You for this Love!

Thank You for this Glorious and Wonderful celebration of You and All That Is!

Thank You for the Interesting complexity of humanity and its nature!

-

Thank You for the Interesting ways You have Shown me how to operate as a human Being!

# 03/19/21

Thank You, Lord my God, for moving me towards these amazing possibilities!

Thank You for Showing me this Value!

Thank You for these Connections!

Thank You for this Power!

Thank You for this Life!

Thank You for this Creation!

Thank You for these Rising Crescendos!

Thank You for these Wonderous Changes!

Thank You for this Openness!

Thank You for this Love!

Thank You for this Love!

Thank You for this Love!

-

Thank You for this Safety!

Thank You for this Security!

Thank You for this Stability!

Thank You for these Revelations!

Thank You for these Blessings!

Thank You for this Wisdom!

Thank You for this Renewal!

Thank You for this Strength!

Thank You for this Greatness!

Thank You for this Wealth!

Thank You for these Rivers!

# 03/20/21

Thank You, Lord my God, Goddess, Beloved Loving Creator, Great I AM that I AM,
Thank You for Life!

Thank You for Eternity!

Thank You for Existence!

Thank You for this Body!

Thank You for the Highest State of Reality!

Thank You for Sound!

Thank You for Music!

Thank You for Spontaneity!

Thank You for Creation!

-

Thank You for the Maker energy!

Thank You masculinity!

Thank You for femininity!

Thank You for balance!

Thank You for Wholeness!

Thank You for freedom!

Thank You for Change!

Thank You for Power!

Thank You for Wisdom!

Thank You for Beauty!

Divine Sophia, Holy Spirit, Become me, I!

-

Thank You for the Source!

Thank You for the Still!

Thank You for the Silence!

Thank You for the Rest!

Thank You for the Currents of Flow!

Thank You for the Awareness!

Thank You for All!

Thank You for Blessing my Life!

Hear me! Thank You!

Thank You! Thank You!

Thank You! Thank You!

-

Thank You for Always Carrying me and Bringing me back into the next Divine Perfect Moment of Eternity!

-

How Amazing that it feels that Blessing Released in the very Moment it was Meant to Be Received!

How Profound!

Thank You!

-

Thank You for Working Through me when I do not know what to do or how to show up!

Thank You for not abandoning me in the night!

# 03/22/21

Thank You Lord my God for these blessings!

Thank You for pushing and pulling me forward!

Thank You for Hope!

Thank You for Showing me signs!

Thank You for Teaching me!

Thank You for Allowing me to learn!

Thank You for Leading me into Creation!

# 03/24/21

Thank You Lord my God for this Amazing Creative Freedom!

Thank You for this Open Heart, Full of Love and Expansion!

Thank You for this Creative Flow!

Thank You for Moving me Forward!

Thank You for Allowing me to Write!

Thank You for Allowing me to Create systems of greater scale and complexity!

-

Thank You for my Heart!

Thank You for my Soul!

Thank You for my Creation!

Thank You for my Spirit!

Thank You for Love!

Thank You for Expression!

Thank You for Endless Inner Truth Expressed and Experienced!

Thank You for Ecstacy!

Thank You for Allowing me to Drink and Dive into the Waters of Eternal Life!!!

-

Thank You for the Tree of Eternal Life!

Thank You for the Fountain of Perfect Source being!

Thank You for the Light!

Thank You for this Perfection!  

Thank You for this heaven!

Thank You for this Awakening!

Thank You for this Thankfulness!

Thank You! Thank You! Thank You!

Thank You! Thank You!

Thank You for Life!

Thank You for this Precious Perfect Gift!

Thank You for Eternity!

# 03/26/21

Thank You, Lord my God, Helping me feel Deserving of Blessing!

Thank You for Healing Me!

Thank You for Teaching me Who I Am!

Thank You for Realigning my spine!

Thank You for these unforeseen Blessings!

Thank You for Teaching me!

Thank You for Allowing me to Teach Others!

Thank You for Prospering this Life!

Thank You for Allowing me to Live without pride!

Thank You for Giving me Good Intentions!

-

Thank You for Allowing me to reach out to otehrs!

Thank You for realigning my body, back, shoulders and spine!

Thank You for Helping me Create a Better Reality with Thought and Love!

Thank You for gnosis!

Thank You Clarity!

Thank You for Wisdom, Holy Spirit, O Divine Sophia!

Thank You for Granting me Hope!

Thank You for Granting me Faith!

Thank You for Wealth!

Thank You for Growth!

Thank You for Ambition!

Thank You for Water!

Thank You for Life!

Thank You for All! All! All!

-

Thank You for Allowing me to Teach!

Thank You for Allowing me to Grow!

Thank You for this Precious Moment!

Thank You for my Soul! Thank You for not abandoning me in the night!

Thank You for rescuing me from the darkness!

Thank You for Healing me from addictions!

Thank You for Teaching me better ways!

Thank You for making me a Creative!

Thank You for this Maker energy!

-

Thank You for this Restoration!

Thank You for this Art!

Thank You for Shaping my Life and my Being as an Expressive and Beautiful Piece of Art!!!!!!!!

Thank You for Reciprocation!

Thank You for Allowing Me to Share so Much!

Thank You Allowing me to Experience these deep expressive emotions!

-

Thank You Lord my god for Blessing me financially!

Thank You for Blessing every part of my Life!

-

04/21/21

Thank You for this beautiful divine Glorious Abundant Prosperous Magical Blessed Fulfilled Peaceful Loving Day and Life Father, God! Christ! Love!

Thank You for making me Amazing! Thank You for Connecting my Heart to Light!

Thank You for feeding me in Spirit!

Thank You for Replacing my fear of other with Strength, Power, Humility, Surrender, Love, Joy, Goodwill, Blessing for others!

-

Thank You for Making my hands and pen and voice majestic!

Thank You for Healing and Warmth and real Peace and Comfort Inside and Making Me Whole!

Thank You for Connecting me to Nature and Beauty and Life! Thank You for Pouring Out my Heart, Your Heart, Out Onto the Entire Earth!

Thank You for melting the old to bring the new! Thank You for Protecting me Through hardship and struggle and strife!

-

Thank You God for the Moving Ocean, More Abundant in Riches than Crystal Diamonds!

-

# 04/25/21

Thank You Lord God so so so so much for Life!

Thank You for my Life!

Thank You for Loving me!

Thank You for Love!

Thank You for Giving me Hope!

Thank You for Giving me Rest!

Thank You for Giving me Strength!

Thank You for Changing me!

Thank You for Staying with me!
