
How to Get Away with a Misdemeanor 
Master the Arts
Subtle persuasion and exploitation are skills that can help you in the moment. Use them sparingly or risk mistrust.
Try Your Luck Rather Than Assuring Certainty
Increased Time = Increased Odds.
Be Lucky. Play the statistical odds in your favor by not heavily playing chances. As time increases your chances of failure increase.  
Speed is Everything
Whatever you’re going to do, do it as short and concise as is possible. For example, do not wait until 9:45 PM when most people have left the store to steal a chocolate bar. The longer you spend in the area, the larger the target you paint on your back and the more unforeseen circumstances can occur.
Never Stick to Plan
It’s best not to have a plan. If you do have a plan, keep it exceedingly simple (you’re committing a misdemeanor for goodness’ sake) and focus on the desired outcome. Do not be doomed by its limitations in foresight.
Adapt to the uncontrollable variables that present themselves in the moment.
Keep Your Connections Out
The fewer people you involve in your deed, the greater the chance of success. The more people, the greater the potential chance of compromise and failure.
	Optimally you should not involve anyone connected to you.
Do Not Get Associates Involved
	Keep anyone you are not ready to lose any sort of relationship with entirely out of it.
	Anyone associated with your crime should be expendable, be prepared to cut ties with them at a moments notice. Do not trust them or their intentions. Do not rely on an expectation that they trust you, no matter how gullible they seem. Do not go down for their mistakes. You are not playing the hero, you’re playing the survivor.  
Do Not Succumb to Emotion
Do not allow fear, anger, pride or other emotions to dictate your actions.
You are not simply an animal.
Do not rely entirely on logic.
You are not simply a brain and events do not usually play out mathematically.
Use a combination of instinct(animal) and intuition(brain) as your strongest tools to keep you from getting boxed into a corner.
Feed on your stress and adrenaline, they are naturally released in your brain to help you focus and gain cognitive speed and clarity.
Never Play Tough if Questioned
You are not Rocky Balboa, do not play ‘Tough Guy’. Humbleness is your closest friend. Saying “Yes, Sir” to a police officer and treating him/her like your neighbor will get you much farther than critiquing what they do for a living.
Be Reactionary
When nervous, it’s easy to say the wrong thing and make a situation worse for yourself. Avoid this by not allowing yourself to ramble and dig your own grave. Instead, focus on reacting specifically to what an accusee is asking and choose your words carefully. Depending on the context, you may be able to use phrases such as, “I don’t understand”.
Turn the Other Cheek
Guilty people respond with irritation, anger, venom, and malice. They tend to perceive accusations as attacks. Do not be rude or short with any accusee. Apologize if necessary.  
Feign Ignorance
	No one has reason to suspect you of ill intent unless you give them a reason.
Appear Morally Inferior
People like to feel benevolent if you appear to be beneath them. Trying to play “a victim card” only creates disgust and resentment. Instead, play on an individual’s desire to feel generous and compassionate for someone misguided, that is not so lucky and righteous as themselves. Law enforcement, in particular, enjoys “cutting you some slack” in knowing that they could make life far worse for you. They believe that choosing to show grace might point you in the right direction, rather than a potentially life-altering punishment they have seen firsthand. The feeling of having a choice over your fate and choosing grace makes them feel benevolent and in turn powerful. Any gratitude they receive reinforces that “high”. You can only cultivate this response if you make them see you as an “unaware sinner” or similar “lost sheep” character. Do not rely on this tactic as a sure fire win. Be cautious of who you appear inferior to, as even your accusee may be having a bad day. Beware of bullies that simply enjoy bullying, often recognizable by their stature and hardened expressions.
The Light Back Home, Follow It!
	You are a rat in a maze with many exits. Keep running forward and never look back. When one door closes another tends to open, if you can adapt.
Know When to Bail, Know When to Surrender
	If the circumstances seem dire, just walk away.
	If you know there’s no way out and you are no longer in control, “roll with the punches” and read on to “14. No Escape.”  
No Escape
Showing remorsefulness, repentance, honesty and transparency without admitting fault are keys to absolution in the worst-case event that you lose the element of freedom. Beware of logical traps such as loaded questions and refer to “8. Think First, Speak Later”.
