I am currently observing that it is possible that my recent behavior towards the world and my emotions shows that a significant event transpired.

The trusted voice, leading me to unblock my creativity that had feared rejection of others, encouraged me to open up and protect myself from the rejection of others,
then that same voice called me a crazymaker and rejected me, while projecting that she wished she was me [spoiler alert: she IS me, exactly the person she describes,
she's just on the victim part of a spectrum], but went on to open my eyes to the fact that to the world, the world doesn't want me BECAUSE I'm too much, because I make them feel less.

What I wanted was for the world to want me, and my method to do so was to offer it exactly what I didn't know it hated me for, but I suppose it was being too nice to let me know.

On a conscious level, that doesn't bother me at all. It pumps up my vain weak little ego, especially the nice words like charismatic, charming, inventive..persuasive..
But on an unconscious level, it may have caused a cataclysmic level of inner transformation. Quite possibly the most violent and notable inner change in my life so far.
Because now I can't unsee it. I can't not see myself as an invader, and others as fragile egos pleading for me to stay away from them, far enough away that they can forget I exist and be comfortable again.
I've started self destructing a tiny but highly controlled bit, with getting high as fuck and appetite and sleep patterns, but I'm also well disciplined in terms of my ambition and focus
If  I were subscribing to psychiatry I would call this a hypomanic extremely depressive episode, and I wish I could pretend that's what it was. Because I know that in reality,
I've intentionally triggered and unblocked strong emotions I didn't want to deal with, along with recognizing my powerlessness in terms of worldly control..

and all of this is forcing me not just to show up on a much higher and more active level,

and a far less limiting level,

but also due to that little knife cut from the author, forces me to care more about me than other, and that changes my behavior with strangers [like, for example, art collectives you happen to steal school courses from],
in terms of what level I'm comfortable and willing to trample social boundaries that society would say I should not cross or trigger or upset or do.

and in this way I am amazed, mortified, blown away, that its possible that this book and author could have accidentally not only unlocked me as an artist, shown me that I am an artist,
 but also triggered me with an injury to push me forward as an artist.

A show I watched identified the young main character as needing loss as his catalyst. He needed death and loss as the push and drive to push him to self mastery.
I think about that in times like these, that I too have a catalyst, and it seems to be pain.
If you hurt me emotionally, I might thank you, you may have triggered and set me off to strive farther than I may ever have tried to reach otherwise.

It's a very difficult thing to separate and identify that behavioral choices that violates societal norms are not actually immoral, nor are they separate from the society..
