Freedoms on the world today and if you could just do this for a little while I guess you would be okay so how many places I must be when you left me three pages you don't understand you didn't understand me you didn't know what I would become when I said that I hope that you find something meaningful I hope that you find long lasting happiness and I don't know that I can stay in the light god i need you to keep me in the light, lord i need you to rescue my soul.

Lord I don't know what to do. I'm pushing on and moving forward but no money has come in. I'm trying not to self sabotage. I'm trying to put my faith in hope. I'm trying to manifest a positive future. I've put in so many hours. I've put in the work and the time. I need supernatural blessing

because my projects aren't good enough to make money. My projects don't feel deserving of money. In comparing them to projects that make money I don't see mine being good enough. And I'm scared to write out what other things I might be thinking and believing silently. Clearly this belief is an issue.
What you're saying is you need god to help you because you suck.

But these other people don't think that about me, they said I inspire them. Even the guy I have the most respect for not just for his skills but also his successes, he was impressed by me. Even that other guy who has been at this for 10 years is impressed by me. Tons of people are impressed by me.
You know what that means
It means maybe my projects are good enough. Maybe my projects are good. Maybe I just haven't given myself the permission to feel that they are good.
Maybe because I thought I would do more .I thought I would do something special. I thought I'd make something amazing. Something like me. Something like the fullness of the god of imagination within me.
Instead all I have is this disappointing cube I took from someone years ago when I was bored.
That's the only thing I've done. No movies. No Screenplays. No poetry books. No fiction novels. No videogmes... when were you going to do these things.
When were you going to give yourself permission to create?

Writing is not optional. The river does not stop. And I am doing great on projects.
The coming night looks really dark here though. I don't know how I'm going to get through winter.

My money is almost gone. I don't know if God has given up on me. I don't know if I have turned evil and god is no longer with me. There's no way. There's no way a bad person would say something like that. A bad person wouldn't care about that.
I'm scared because last year I hadn't accomplished anything.
I'm scared because this year I haven't accomplished anything.

But you accomplished so much! You have amazing cool things to build in the future!
Your Hero or Villain Contract is amazing! You said you've never made anything amazing but this one was and is!
But what if someone uses it for bad? I don't know. I can't rationalize that okay. But that's a fear and I put my faith in good not faith in evil.
That game you built. You can finish it. You can do it. I believe in you. You can be rich from it too!
You can have this. Please allow yourself to have this. Please allow yourself to feel the success of your ambitions. You did it! You did it! You did it! You did it! The reason it hasn't outpictured in your reality is because you haven't allowed yourself to feel this yet. But you did it!
I appreciate these victories! I appreciate my victories! I appreciate my victories! I appreciate my victories! Thank You God for my victories! Thank You for Allowing me to Appreciate!
Thank You for Allowing me to Appreciate Victory!
Thank You Father God for growing me, strengthening me, thank you for making me strong and powerful. Thank you for being lenient and patient with me. Thank you for giving me faith.

I appreciate these victories! 
