08/07
Mirror, Mirror on the Wall, am I the mirror or is the mirror me? Is there no mirror?
That's the premise of the Chaos Magik rite, [https://web.archive.org/web/20181013122450/https://www.chaosmatrix.org/library/chaos/rites/beyondwall.html](Beyond the Wall of Sleep). They say that this practice restores an inner energy they're calling "free belief", an energy that we run out of as we get older. This exercise asks you to contemplate Neither-Neither scenarios, what if there is no black or white?

Trying this out for myself, I became thrilled with the results. I had a feeling that felt as if water were boiling and bubbling over in my chest. As I breathed in each breath, I felt as if I were rejuvinating instead of depleting. Unlike other personal experiences with energy, this had a certain "open" quality to it. As if a glob of spacious, dense water that was uniquely the opposite of heavy was created inside my chest. This was as it was described in the text, that one would feel a vacuum of energy become available to them.
My body wanted  to dance. The outside world seemed sharp and repulsive, and instead became something that could be appreciated and absorbed. There was a  total sense of freedom from something I could not see was tying me down and binding me. Chains broken. It was like I was remembering, "Oh yeah!". That "Oh yeah!" described a kind of rememberance that, I am just taking a first look at something, I am just looking. There isn't anything I need to believe in right now.

My religious upbringing was triggered by what I considered. Considering, "God, No God? Neither God and Neither Not God?", "Neither Good Neither Evil?", "Neither Order, Neither Chaos?". There was a fear in which I was afraid that I could be doing something wrong, and a certain sense of fear of insanity within this, but reason allowed me to go through with it. I was able to keep in mind that I wasn't actually doing anything, I was just thinking and contemplating as I always have. In a way that is what these kind of considerations allowed me to feel a release from. That my mind is always struggling to understand concepts such as Good and Evil, it is always to some degree under a state of stress and diress. Having a temporary relief from that that I could only describe being as if if you were to unpolarize a set of magnets, made me realize that not only did I not know the answer to these quandries, but I also was unnecessarily being tormented by them. It is as if from that space of energy I released, that space became full of creative energy for which I can use and work with to create. 

It has been a month or so since initially engaging in this as a deep meditation. Since then I have
