---
layout: post
topic: self
---

Question and Answer

What am I most afraid of right now?
> Not making money.

Why.

>For her birthday.

Why.

> Because I'm afraid that she will be unhappy.

Why.

> Because I'm afraid of her hating me.

Why.

> Because I'm afraid she'll see me as a monster.

Why.

> Because I'm afraid I am a monster.

Why.

> Because I've hurt people I love. I've also been rejected.

Why.

> Because I was young and self focused and didn't have skills.

So talk about rejection.

> I'm scared of being rejected.

Why.

> In the past I've been rejected and it hurt.

Were you?

> Well, I felt rejected.

Why.

> The feeling of abandonment hurts.

Really?

> No. Not really. Really it's fear of being abandoned.

And why does that hurt?

> I don't know.. oh. Well, if I'm abandoned that means I'm not worth it, the pain is my sense of value. If my story is abandoned and let go of, it will die.

And?

>And...the pain now comes from the death of the "me" that is not worth it. Because I am valued.

And what does that mean for you?

> It means that I could follow my heart and others will love me for it.

Is there a but?

> But.. what if I'm wrong.. what if I cause them pain, what if I'm a monster..

"What if's" don't mean anything.

>I'm getting a headache all the sudden...

On the verge of realizing something?

> Oh. I'm not a monster in this moment am I. Or doing anything to hurt anyone. So I'm not a monster.

And?

> Headache. And I'm okay.

Yeah?

> And I'm okay enough to feel. And I'm okay enough to love myself a little bit because I'm safe. I feel safe.

How's that feel?

> Warm. Healing. Incredible. Perfect. Love.

.

> All The pain went away.

.

> Until I thought of the word pain just now. Then, I became afraid that I wouldn't stay like this. That my pain would come back, because it has before.

Why?

> Because I'm worried about the past and future again

And?

> And I'm not in the moment.

I think you almost had another realization. Can you remember what it was?

> It was like, instead of thinking that in the past I have had pain again,
In the past I have also **not had pain** and felt safe. Which means that in the future I could feel pain again, but if I could feel safe and okay and love in my open heart once, then I could feel it again.

Good job.

>Thanks.

Anytime. So how do you feel now?

> Anxious. Wanting to feel how I felt in the past when I felt good.<br>
> Regret at myself for taking myself out of feeling safe and okay.<br>
> Now I'm starting to feel sick again.

Can we look back at this moment--

> What?

Can we look at this moment? Right now? Are you okay in this moment?

> I don't feel good. I know I'm technically safe in this moment _if_ I trust things will be okay.

If you trust them?

> If I'm not worrying about the future.

What were those other things you realized you haven't said yet to go along with that?

Well...like. When I felt okay I realized , but then when I went into fear again I  got scared.
And
[1:11 AM] kuz3: Well. I thought I could just let my fear of not chasing deliveries go, and stay in this one spot and just take deliveries here, and I'd save gas and be able to relax between calls and still probably get 10 calls I'm aiming for till 10:30.
But Im aware that PM is rigged and they will punish you for trying to stay in one spot by not sending you anything.
But I've been out here since 2pm and it's almost 7 now and I've had only 4 deliveries. That's 4 every five hours. I have 4 hours 30 minutes left. At this rate I won't make the 6 deliveries I have left.
And theres a chance their system is rigged not to give me 10 in time.
[1:11 AM] kuz3: Q: and if you don't hit 10 deliveries?
They won't give me 125 guaranteed and I'll barely have made any money after gas.
Q: and you know what the real problem is?
Yeah yeah. I don't actually NEED money right in this moment.
Q: and how does that feel?
I feel that healing feeling again.
[1:12 AM] kuz3: Q: you should just listen to me, everything, is, okay.

I'm trying. The fear keeps coming up.
Q: no, the fear has come up in the past, and you're predicting it will in the future.

It's hard for me to believe that it won't again when it has a million fucking times!
Q: Because that is your story. And to let that story go would mean it would die. What if. You were confident and okay in the moment and didn't live in fear anymore?
That would be perfect. I could probably live happy.
Q: And?
And I do feel like I'm turning into that person. Even though I keep getting scared I'm regressing, I do see myself growing into that, though that perception of myself is pretty blocked. Because it doesn't fit that story.
[1:12 AM] kuz3: Q: specifically which story?

The story that I'm not okay. That I create problems in order to not be okay.
Q: are you okay right now?

Yeah
Q: were you every really not okay or just very unpleasant?

Well the universe and dying thing happened
Q: what's that feel like?

To be honest it feels like anything else I've dealt with that will have to be processed and let go of, there's just a lot of fear there to be let go of, and it'll be a ton of growth because most of that fear is the fear of expanding and not being stuck in my reality and story.
Q: and?

And if I was more confident I'll bet I could go farther out and be confident enough to be okay and not afraid.
Q: How's that feel?

Relieving. Like I can breathe a bit.
Q: Why?

Because things will be okay.
Q: I sense discord.

Because the idea that everything could be okay is killing my self that believes not everything is okay. Because this reality taught me
Q: stop

Being in this reality.. I believed in the past that I wasn't okay based on my perception of circumstances.

Q: and those circumstances?
I guess I was ultimately okay and I'm okay now.
There's parts of me that believe I'm not beautiful because I'm damaged. If I'm damaged that means I'm not okay. But damage is part of my identity.

Q: good talk. Let's take a break.

But I can keep my identity now and the way I'm beautifully molded and be okay still can't I.
I don't have to be damaged to hold onto my identity. I don't have to be trapped under illusions forever. I can be free and my heart can be open and I can feel these amazing emotions and appreciate joy.
Q: good job. I sense fear again, I think it's the same fear of being let go of.

Thank you for giving me this fear me. I know you were only trying to protect me. You are safe. You're okay. You can go now. You don't belong in this moment, go to somewhere you are more suited to. Leave in peace and let go now.

Q: rest for a moment. This was definitely time well spent.
