---
layout: post
topic: self
author: venom
---

What the fuck do you think you're doing? You're delusional, in denial.
You're a failure, a deadbeat, a junkie.
You amount to nothing. Not anything.

You are in denial. You're a sellout. You want to join an imaginary world of people
pursuing their dreams and leave everyone else behind. You'll never be one of them.
"They" don't even exist. It's a business model created to fool you and you're not it.
You're always going to be at the bottom because that's how you were created to be.
Stop looking for signs that there's something more for you.

The signs are all around you. You are the slightly better achiever, white male American gamer
with proficient reading and writing ability. You have an overactive imagination only because you
are a dreamer. There are millions of you. Everything around you is a typical American life you are
meant to believe. Your sense of identity is manufactured from your movies and characters.
You know how to pick up skills because you know how to learn, but look at your list
of achievements in the world. You have nothing. You are Nothing. Wake the fuck up.
You were born to consume, nothing more. You don't fucking matter.

This charade you're playing. The level of fantasy isn't lost on anyone, _and that's why no one will
follow you_. To preach of a world worthy of pursuing dreams you have to blind yourself to the poverty
in the world. Your preaching about chasing a better future, it's only for the select. It's for those
who already have their basic needs met, American consumers like you who want more. You're ungrateful.
Your fantasy is elitist. You.. you elitist fuck..

The world is hurting and your plan is to ignore it and tell everyone that everything is alright?
Is that really where we're at? Do you think of anyone but yourself?
