Wake up.
You're afraid. You're always afraid.
You don't want to hurt. You're afraid of being hurt.
You don't want to be rejected. You're afraid of rejection.
You don't want to be seen. If you're seen you might not like what you see. You're afraid of what you might see.
You're afraid of hurting or being rejected by others.
You're afraid of hurting.
You're afraid of being sheltered. If you're sheltered you won't be seen.
If you're sheltered you'll be alone.
If you're alone, you won't be loved.

You were afraid of opiates once. You knew it was too comfortable. You knew you'd hide in it. Run into it. Run away.
You're running away. You've been running away. You knew you've been running away. You know you've been running away.
You saw too much. You got hurt. You got scared. You experienced the abyss. You closed off.
You got lost. You couldn't find your way back. You were unstable. You became unsecure.
You were rejected. You were hurt. You were not loved. You got hurt. You experienced pain.

You do things so that people will love you. You do things so that you will be seen. You run. You hide.
You disappear. You're running. You're running. You're running.
You're running from pain. Because you got hurt. Because you don't want to be hurt again.
You hide because you don't want to be hurt again. To feel good, to run from pain that is always there.
Because it hurts to be you. So you run from you. You run from the you that other people see.
You aren't running from anyone except yourself.
You're afraid of people not taking care of you. You're afraid of being uncomfortable. And alone.
You're afraid about your mother. You're afraid your mother will reject you if you don't love God.
You're afraid your mothers love is conditional. You're afraid others can't accept you. You're afraid if
you show yourself to others they won't accept you. You're afraid of not being loved.
You're afraid of being loved. Being loved comes with pain.
You don't like feeling hurt.
You don't like feeling hurt.
You don't like feeling hurt.
You don't like feeeling hurt.
You do things so you won't feel hurt.
But your pain is inside you.
You. Were a failure in school. You failed to socialize. You failed to connect.
You were afraid of your parents seeing you. You were afraid of your father seeing you.
You were afraid of disappointing your father because you weren't good enough in school.
You were afraid of hurting your father by not being good enough.
You felt betrayed because your parents divorced.
But more. You were afraid you failed. You got hurt because you felt that you failed.
You were afraid of the pain that you failed because your parents divorced.
You were afraid your parents divorced because of you.
You were afraid you made your parents divorce.
You were afraid you tore apart your family.
You were afraid you destroyed your family.
You were afraid that because of you, you would be unloved.
You were afraid that you hurt your family.
You're afraid of hurting others because you fear and feel that you hurt your family.
You're afraid of having a new family because you're afraid of destroying it.
Destroying your new family just like your old family.
You're afraid of destroying your new family just like your old family.
You're afraid of being smart because other people will feel hurt.
You're afraid of being rejected for being great.
You're afraid of being rejected for not being great.
You're afraid of failing to do what others ask because you are afraid of disappointing them.
Failing to do what others ask and disappointing them feels painful and hurtful.

You want to please others because you're afraid of being hurt.
You want to please oothers because you want them to be happy. With you.
You want others to be happy with you.
You want others to feel loved by you.

You're afraid of your own darkness, your vicious thoughts tormenting you because you
are afraid they might tell you the truth. You take drugs to run from hurtful thoughts.
YOu're running from you.
You have to make a choice to move forward. You have to stop running from yourself.
You have to listen to your thoughts. You have to accept yourself. And your failures.
And your pain. You have to grow up. You need to grow up so you can have a good future
and be happy.
Take off the blinders. Get blinded by the pain. Survive it. Stop running. Grow. Change.
Move on. Face your PTSD and let go.

Yes. They hurt you in high school. You hurt yourself in high school. Face it. Forgive it.
Give it to God. Heal it. Let it go.
