---
layout: post
author:
title:
---

Jesus.

You said those who seek you will find you.

It's been a decade.

I know you are here.

Why have you not come to me?

Others are saved because they have met you in person.

You say I am a child of God.

You say you are with me always.

I cannot help thinking you hate me.

Yet you are the one who loves unconditionally.

I know that you hate evil.

I know you hate those who scorn the Father.

Do you love me?

Why have I not found you?

I have found the unconditional love that is yours.

Yet not your unique essence.

Did you know?

Did you know that we were one?

If that is me, if we are the same love, why?

Why did you follow and preach of the Father, if you knew you were God?

Why did you warn of damnation, if we truly are light?

What secret did you know you did not share?

What is the missing piece you did not speak?

Did you speak it? Did they take it? Don't I know it?

Will you say to the father you didn't know our egos?

If one lives from ego will their broken heart go on?

Am I wrong for trying harder?

Am I wrong for not simply surrendering to you and an archaic book?

Am I wrong for thinking that the Christians have it wrong?

I couldn't be, for I watch them struggle.

Faith cannot be the answer, when I watch them lose their faith.

They cannot be right, for they do not live as you.

Are you the only person who can be God?

Was it a slot to fill that is now taken?

Can I stand beside you?

What if I find I made the wrong choice, that I should have been
entirely living from soul, heart, and unconditional love, and that
was the way to the Father?

I cannot know which is right. I cannot know which words you spoke.

I cannot believe the modern Bible does not hold lies.

Come to me Jesus. Please. I beg you. Not in riddles, please Jesus.

Please tell me directly what I need to do. Please come to me.

Please be with me. Please love me. Please help me love you.

I don't want to hate you Jesus. I don't want to despise the church and the Father.

I don't want to hate myself. I don't want to hate others.

The only thing I have seen for certain is that unconditional love
is the key to growing the heart and soul.

Will you dine with me? Will you dance with me? Won't you be with me?

Won't you hold me and let me hold you?

Jesus?

Please, Lord.

You know I love to surrender, as hard as it may be to let go of my
inner ways.

Am I Satan?

Is that why you do not come?

Have I fallen?

Am I the ill intent?

Am I the cursed one?

Jesus. Please. Hear me. Jesus please hear me. Please read my words.
Please hear my cry. Please, break through the fake version of you
I have created in my mind.

Or is it that you do not come to me because I am so fallen that
you know I would reject you still? That I am so selfish that I
would reject your sacrifice even if I saw it with my own eyes?

Because I'm rebellious, because I want to do things my way?

Because I want to believe that the world is wrong, and only I
could be right?

But was I not designed this way?

Does this not play out exactly as intended by the Father?

Jesus! Please. If it is my destiny, bring my light in full, in absolute,
let me walk in you, let me lead disciples.

Does it have to be for the Christ?

Are you the only way?

Or is your way the only way?

Can I follow your way and have others follow me to you?

Can I share the answers that the Bible failed to?

Would I be a pale imitation?

Would I be a false prophet?

How can I know these things lord?

.

.

.

I am tormented.

These denials.

Answers I know but do not consciously accept.

The day will come when I cannot ignore them.

A day I cannot agree with the church.

A day that I will be the heathen. The heretic.

I will die then.

What will I become?

Cast out, not unlike you.

Abandoned. Rejected. Scorned.

Will I lose the light or will I find it?

Will I lose you or find you?

Lord, I think you knew what I know.

Please tell me.

Please, please visit me.

Jesus, Jesus Son of God, Jesus Son of Man, Jesus Son of David,
Jesus Lamb of God, Jesus Light of the World, Jesus Lord,
please come visit me.
