---
layout: post
---
<!--
While the memory is still fresh. This kid, I asked him,
"You're a computer guy huh?"
Yes, he said.
"Do you fuck with code? Any programming languages?
He knew a little, not a lot. Ableton. music was his forte.

In a group, he told his embarassing stories, in a defense manner.

Later that evening, he let out to me that, "I've lost parts of myself."
Seeing another of my kind, I had no qualm with opening up to him.
He told me about his father, who pursued writing until his stories became reality,
his mental health deteriorated.
We concurred on Source, that we are connected, staring into the abyss, having been through
personal hells, loss of pieces of ourselves, that he was a writer.
He had a year on me, the only difference between us being a more unstable father, less mental health issues himself,
and him using more drugs, and having learned less, <!-- and intelligence.. though who is to say how intelligent he
would be without drugs

Last night I met someone who felt less-->
 We feel less alone and more connected when we learn that there is someone else who has shared a similar past and self and story. I never really know how to respond to that. How many times have I had this conversation now? That I know there are millions of us. That we are someone's crafted template that is grown off of. With the same characteristics, motivations, dreams, passions, thoughts, mannerisms, personality. We have been designed this way, programmed this way. We are given this base personality and the same base story and plot for that story to match.

There is a statistical probability for how many of us are born, and how far apart geographically. We're not born in the same town.
There is a small measurable percentage of us in each town, city, state, country, continent. This is not random, it is pseudorandom. Our creation is fixed to a specific algorithm just as measurable as any other law or occurrence found within this universe.

Chalk up everything in the universe to random chance, accident -that's fine. The stories and courses of our lives, there are observable patterns, mathematics that can be quantified.

Plots of tragedy and comedy, these are set into motion. While not necessarily individually scripted, the
basis for these scripts is an observable series of prototyping.
Our histories, our profiles, they are on some level, designed.
The outcome of these stories is subject to choice and pseudo-random fixed chance, allowing for different potential possibilities, but at the core this is the undeniable work of a maker.

# If I were to design a world, I wouldn't want to individually create billions of stories and lives.

No. I would simplify the work, and be excited by the potential of what I had set in motion. I would design the base profiles of each kind of person and create functions that randomize characteristics and
attributes of these. In programming we would call this a function factory. A people factory. A story factory. An Earth factory, and beyond.
<!--
It would be then, that not only are characters like me and and those like me part of
a base design, but that the planet is also of such design, that there are planet factories, and even
universe factories.

<!--The big bang isn't far off the mark, that there is a start to the program.
<!-- We are just missing some key details, for instance when people were spawned into the planet. -->


I understand why people would want to consciously ignore all of this, that we are of a world designed by us, but I often fail to understand **how** anyone can ignore it, if they really think about it. There's no
mistaking it, theres no other theory or hypothesis that takes into account all of it in such a way.

## Even our apparently shared subconsciousness, -[that science has observed]("https://earlybirdstreehouse.wordpress.com/2014/12/01/the-crossword-puzzle-phenomenon-by-monica-england/")- makes sense of this.

We would currently be unable to explain a collective consciousness without a metaphysical explanation. From a programmatic perspective however, connecting our thoughts would be no less difficult than creating a causual
relationship between atoms.

While God may or may not exist, and spiritual realms could exist independent of one's imagination, that doesn't nullify the theory. There is no mandatory reason for there to be no connection to the designers of this planet to the spiritual deity that people claim fills them with light and love. They are not required to be one and the same.

I find it unlikely we have fixed destiny. Along with our base profile, it would seem there is a template laid out for a possible and attainable
destiny that we may choose to lean towards. This would be among one of the exceptions regarding a connection between creator and deity. It would seem that a spiritual deity would have a destiny for us and lead us towards
it, which would point towards the deity being the designer of such destiny.

Exploring that, if the creator was a physical being like us, and set out a
template destiny for us, he might also want credit for his work, to receive praise as any of us desire. Perhaps even to worship and glorify him. Say the designer did not want to reveal himself,

> if a designer were to reveal himself, we might feel that we were held in a trap by a person with no more qualifications to control us than we ourselves. Perhaps we'd spend our days protesting him for not giving us better lives or even commit mass suicide.

he would have to take the next best solution. To design us to worship a deity, one created in his likeness. He would have to settle for us worshipping his creation of a creator, a God, and imagine to himself that we were worshipping him directly.

It would be simple for him to program us with an innate calling to
believe in a God, and impart in some of us conscious knowledge about this God we instinctually are made aware of. Who would take the time to design creatures be able to communicate, to read and write, for a reason other than to be able to learn that their creator exists?

As for designing consciousness, a _-not omniscient, omnipotent-_ creator would have to make use of artificial intelligence and algorithms.

'''
But would it be feasible to design a consciousness with an imagination and awareness of spirituality?
Could spirituality nothing more than an unintended aftereffect of consciousness, a simple matter of feelings and imagination?
Is our perception of reality from the eyes of a single person, afraid of
the unknown possibilities of infinity, just so?
'''
<!--
Could the perception of reality from the eyes of one, in a safe box as far away from the
fear of the unknown possibility of infinity, really be the work of simple programming?
--><!--
This is the one part of the whole equation that is entirely beyond my comprehension.
-->

_If philosophers have believed everything under the sun, and I one of billions of conscious beings capable of independent reasoning, there is really nothing wrong with me, religiously adhering to and exploring the concept that we are in fact, in a computer program._






<!--
 Advertisers can even market specifically to us.
-->
