---
layout: post
author: James Bytes
---

draft in progress

## 2. Truth Bearing
<!-- Mastery -->
There was one man who not only discovered the greatest of truths, but he became a living, breathing artwork of these principles, like a great actor who has become his role, and taught all who followed him to live as he lived. Uncountable numbers followed him, worshipped him, glorified him, but not many even tried to walk in his path, to live as he lived. Perhaps they didn't feel that they were deserving of that life, capable of that. Somewhere deep down, they knew themselves, their desires, their nature. Not to mention, the sacrifice it would require to become like that, the fear they would have to face, the rejection of others, the boredom, the vulnerability, the pain they would have to endure. We don't like pain. Maybe that's why some who have lived like him have been monsters, they were already in so much pain it didn't matter. Some of us desire power, and it didn't look like that man had any power at all, even though he was the most powerful man who ever lived. Most of us, we just don't think that highly of ourselves at all. Otherwise, we wouldn't be reading books to search for an answer.  The kinds of people who have lived, names, gurus, teachers, poets, leaders, CEOs, lords and so forth. Many people have simply attached themselves to one of these titles and deluded the value of them. But for the most part, the few who have lived like that man have a seldom used name that some of us desire, but most of us shy away from. The fabled master of self. Now don't just stop reading right here, this book is not about becoming a master of self, it's simply relevant to the topic of great truths. In the right context, "master of self" might sound alluring, but for the most part a master of self sounds off-putting at best. Someone claiming to be a master of self just sounds like they're living in a fantasy world where they think they're a superhero, or someone so self-focused and vain that they'd refer to themselves as such. The title almost carries with it an evil presence. To commit to that level of self focus, it sounds like one would have to worship themselves, to care about themselves so much that they would pursue that life. And we don't like people like that, those are the worst people we encounter. People who care about themselves, they don't tend to care about you, they talk about themselves, they don't see you, they don't hear you, they might not want or need you, and you certainly wouldn't want to be a person like that. Even if they did focus on others, how could you ever trust a person like that? How could you ever fully trust a person who has such mastery over themselves that they could hide anything from you, deceive you, manipulate you, use you? It just all sounds bad. Now let's take some of the alluring side of the title into consideration. A master of self. One who has taken control over their character, their life, their destiny. Conquered the parts of themselves they don't like. A person who is actually free to live the life they wish to pursue, to be seen by others as they desire to be seen, who is not sleepwalking while running through the motions like the rest of us, who isn't held down by fear anymore. Now that, that sounds alluring. That's all we want most of the time. But we don't go out and decide that 'mastery of self' is what we want to spend our life doing. Because like many things we want, only part of us wants that. We don't want that all the way. There are dire implications if we were like that. We wouldn't be able to say that other people were the cause of our problems if we had all the power, just for starters. But wouldn't it also sound almost boring? Sure, there are exciting aspects of it, but how exciting and for how long? To be like that would be to have no struggles, just responsibilities to keep up with. There would be no challenges, nothing to overcome. What would even be the point besides altruistic rationalities? At that point, living would just be like watching a film. Would you even be a part of it? Wouldn't you just be watching someone else run your life? Because you know yourself to be flawed, wouldn't you just be taking the backseat and watching this perfect person carry on with the show? For that matter, wouldn't you lose all of your genuinity? And seriously, who has the energy and willpower to keep that up 24/7? This concept of self ownership, being who we wish we were, as we get older and we grow tired of ourselves, it becomes a stronger desire. The weight of our mistakes and weaknesses bears heavier on us. But we put the concept of actually pursuing becoming a master of self in the farthest corner of our mind out of reach, and occasionally put these desires out of reach as well with distractions or continued focuses of our daily problems or even into God. It's something we almost never actually consider, not something that we ponder in our day to day musings, only to be reminded of it every so seldom often when we hear the term and get a slight distaste in our mouth and reject it and push it away. We don't think at 12:34PM on a Tuesday afternoon while we sip a coffee, "Should I become a guru today?" It carries negative connotations, most of us are aware that modern Satanism is basically self worship, and it almost sounds like, being a dark magician in some mystical tower.

And yet, almost all of us are not pursuing our life callings and dreams, and throughout various stages in life we're daydreaming of the day we muster up the courage to do so, or "preparing ourselves" for that moment we decide to change by reading up on self help books and looking at the lives of others who seem to be doing better than ourselves. And if you think about it, we do know what we'd need to do to get there, but it's that concept that we've put on the eternal backburner. If we were masters of ourselves, we'd be achieving our dreams. Instead we look to summon the courage to pursue our goals and destinies now, or read books about it, or try a little and give up. We have this simple answer, but we don't really want that.

Now let's define a different image of this master of self. Let's say this is someone who has self care, not self worship. Someone who has total humility and a golden heart outstretched for all of humankind. One who retains their personality and instead of becoming a boring wise man staring blankly into the sky and singing holy hymns, instead is more full of their own personality than ever before. Someone who has not eliminated all flaws, but become beautiful in the fact that they have flaws to show like diamonds in a museum. This image is who we would all really love to be. But we still don't pursue it. Because there would still come with it a lot of pain, the pain that comes with self expression and honesty. The pain that comes from caring deeply for others. We already care enough that it hurts, we don't want to care more and hurt even more. But there's something else hidden about our distaste for the concept. I think we don't think about it in words, it's the tiniest hint of a feeling of dread. In a way, the idea of being a master of self, it sounds a bit lonely. If everyone saw you how you wanted them to see you, even if you retained your genuine essence, wouldn't you feel a bit unseen? Imagine if you were like that, you would become someone needed by others, but would you need others? Who would you need? Who in the world would relate to you? Almost no one is like that, and it would be an incredibly isolating experience to be that different from everyone else. Most of us, more than anything, everything we fight for in life is to be more connected to others. So this hidden reason it would seem, is the real subconscious reason we reject the notion of being a master of self. As there are many concepts that go outside of the scope of this book required to pursue such a notion, overcoming pain, loneliness and so forth, this book is not about becoming a master of self, but this chapter hopefully provides some depth onto a topic often pushed aside.




chapter 3: that unsent email to d warning against self help
