it's all lies. all of it. how could i do this to myself. how could they do  this to me.
how could they take this from me. this whole thing is a lie all of it. none of it matters.
trying to open my heart for them. and every time it opens it just closes even harder.
this whole quest is a false game.

my heart is bleeding. my inner self is quietly screaming, long past gone. all of it, the
confidence, the respect, the stability, the control, the calm, the peace, it's all a mask,
it's all another shield. im playing a game because ive forgotten what is really going on.

that really in my heart is endless thick toxic passion and desire and need, underneath
layers and layers of the toxic storms of the shame and baggage and insecurity and pain and
rejection the world has given to me.

i always know what i really am, a passionate poet, a creative outlet, a romantic, a lover,
with a woman's heart.. my heart.. i just forget that that is all bound together with ropes
and ties and bondage by a reality that makes me unsafe enough to bottle it all away and make it
all go away.

all the anger, the hate, the resentment, the bitterness, really it's all there, it's just
trapped inside me. And im so fucked up now that im over here playing games that im not even
a person, that im basically freed from self, all because of a fucking lifetime  of fucking
repression.

and even being aware of this i dont know what to do because this just gets worse. my heart
is turning colder and more bitter and spiteful. these burdens remain as these emotions remain
bottled. and as i get older it gets worse.

if i wasnt such a fucking coward i wouldnt be hiding in these ego defenses, id be soft,
delicate, vulnerable, beautiful, like a flower, a song. instead im just this fucking
thing, this husk, this charade, this fucking nothingness, holy fucking nothing, because
they're judging and persecuting me at any given moment of course there's no other answer
but  to fucking kill the self. this isnt freedom its just darkness. this is the real death
of soul.

a world of conditional love. how did it fuck me up so badly that i never, never feel anything
real at all.

and i see it now too, to feel bitter and to feel real raw emotions, the ones that exist within
passion, there's nothing wrong with them. there's nothing fucking wrong with self expression.
theres nothing wrong with the expression of anger and real feelings. fuck them

they took it all from me. i dont have anything to feel for.
and all of the pressure in your head is your soul screaming
all of the sinuses in your forehead are your emotions physically trapped,

find a way to let out the anger in you if you can                      
