Fans of Mr. Robot might like this one.

It was two months ago. Tired and ready for bed, I was leaving my swing shift at midnight when a friend asked me if I would like to go to a rave. I’d never been to a rave before and I was not too interested at this stage of my life. I wasn’t shy of new experiences, so I decided to go for it.

On the cool night drive to a desolate business industrial area on the north side of the water in Portland, I wondered what the night might entail. I had heard enough stories over the years to know that the majority of small “raves” were paid, organized events at discrete EDM venues, not the secret parties in a tent with Dixie cups full of mixed medications that one might be hesitant to consume unless they had a death wish. My mental picture of the event was of a cramped, room-size dance floor with a few locals  dancing and others awkwardly standing and drinking. Within minutes of walking through the door and standing at the back wall, I would find myself with a headache and a desire to look at the time, walk outside and smoke to avoid my earlobes pounding with ominous sounds of “wubb, womb, wubb” carrying on incessantly like a state-of-the-art torture technique was attempting to drive me slowly mad by ways of repetitive annoyance. The dark, demon possessed, “we hate our lives” vibe that the thick vibrating bass invasively and unapologetically coursed through the core of my being would cause tension in my muscles and anxiety to rise to my throat. I knew a few peers my age that enjoyed such “party” music along with angry sounding rap as they drank liquor into a deep depression and talked about suicide, never contemplating what the root cause for their feelings might be. Anyhow, my scenario would be a distressful experience to be sure, but then at least I’d know to never come back.

I parked a few blocks away. I must have subconsciously known I would go out tonight as without knowing why, I had followed my intuition to leave my laptop and valuables at home instead of in the car as I normally would. Parallel to my missing emotion of fear, there was not a soul on the streets I could see as I walked past. The only noises were the sounds of raindrops pattering on the ground as gravity clawed them down from branches and balconies; and the sharp whistling and melancholy piano of “City of Stars - La La Land” that emanated from my phone, a tune that had been stuck in my head earlier in the day. A few blocks - and random pictures taken - later I could hear the sound of electronic music ambiently trailing over from nearby. I turned the corner to the street I was on - after knocking on a random door to a building I assumed the noise was coming from, expecting someone watching from a camera to come downstairs and ask me for cash to come inside - and saw the bouncer at the door. He did a bag check as I told him that yes, I did have a vape with me, but it had dead batteries. A slightly gangster yet also surfer-esque, “I trust you, bro”, was followed by an unwarranted apology that many patrons do attempt to smoke marijuana - and illicit drugs - inside. I called my friend on the phone and heard nothing but a barrage of inaudible sounds and confused shouting from his end until I hung up.
My friend - Richard was the name he had decided to go by tonight for whatever reason - greeted me with piercingly focused eye contact as I was paying. He wore a wide grin scarcely seen, and carried laughter and the smell of strong alcohol as he embraced me with a bear hug.

I finished paying a woman behind a glass and continued on to walk up a skinny, tall, black stairway while an absent-minded thought floated by that my feet were ascending what was once a low-end strip club, potentially decades ago.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PART TWO
We ascended to a large concrete floor with a sizable crowd facing towards DJs up on a stage in a corner. The dancers were swooning and cheering over the sounds, full of excitement and completely engulfed in the moment. I got a sense of what kind of people were attending, the same type of college-aged students I had grown up with; which gave me a sense of cultural inclusion and the feeling of safety in a familiar territory. The music was vibrant and intense with the guided energy of the crowd rising in crescendos. The entire pace and flow changed in less than a minute intervals, the crowd simultaneously captivated by what was now playing while anticipating what came next. This was the club scene I had seen in thousands of movies but never firsthand. I was greeted by a few more of my friends who cheered to see me before Richard who stood behind me pulled off my cap and scattered my hair into a disheveled mess, laughingly proclaiming, “Now you look like you belong here! Let’s start a mosh pit.” We pushed forcefully through the thick of the crowd and before one could get a sense of was happening, a ring had formed and we were inside it. Arms propelled me forward like a bowling ball. I had to exert only miniscule energy as I controlled my momentum, flying with force into adjacent bodies, my focus trained solely on my balance and footsteps which felt a lot like what I would imagine a form of “featherweight response based tap dancing on water with levitation” to feel like. Security guards ceased the movement of the ring as all’s attention turned towards a man who was grabbed from behind and lifted, arms trapped and legs flailing in the air, and briskly carried away by a large bouncer. ‘He was having a little too much fun’, my friend mused.

Stepping away from the crowd over towards an unnecessarily long  bar that was at least 35ft. wide to order a bottled beer - two was my limit for the evening - , I assessed myself. I felt a bit like a chameleon, camouflaged by atmosphere and a fog of movements. I had no disguise but was simply naked, a portrayal of me, outside of myself yet not, I was transient. Entranced by the vibe, my body was not tense or discomfortable, whereas usually it would be difficult for me to let go under stress. Richard had been telling me everyone was accepting here and it was alright to be myself, a cliche’ statement that I admittedly may have unconsciously taken on as a bit of a challenge. Away from my friends, I went back into the crowd to dance alone for a while. Closing my eyes now and then to focus on the music, I just danced without thinking, letting my body take the wheel, instinctively and freely in a way I had not before. Whatever dancing is, I was doing it.

I knew that good vibes, music and a light buzz of beer were not the only influences factoring into this hypnotic space outside of time. Richard had been telling me over course of the night what I already knew. Most of the people here were using MDMA, a.k.a molly. The vibrant energy was undoubtedly being carried over a powerful placebo effect, enough to alter one’s state of mind. “There’s something in the air all right!”, Richard would occasionally shout. I was aware that there were now methods used to actually smoke or inhale MDMA and other illicit drugs. I was not sure if I had been exposed to that. What I did know was that MDMA is a toxic substance. While a user is experiencing euphoria and feelings of “love and connection”, the body is reacting like it has been poisoned. The drug is excreted through the user’s sweat glands, which - especially in a heated environment with strenuous activity - evaporates and enters the air. Richard was more right than he knew. In my high school days, a few of my friends used MDMA and I, around them, hated the strange, dark, robotic vibe I felt by simply being in the same room. When exposed to that specific environment I would suffer an unusual reaction. I would feel unease to the core and begin to have - albeit minor - irrationally paranoid thoughts. According to a medical journal, “Adverse psychiatric symptomatology associated with MDMA includes panic attack (and)... severe paranoia” (source) due to the drug altering a user’s brain chemistry. A secondary reason would be that one of the after effects from a large release of serotonin from MDMA could result in paranoid feelings due to the lack of available serotonin in the brain. Whether my side effect resulted from the side effects of an unlikely - and possibly impossible - “contact high” or was my brain’s protective self defense serving to remove me from what it deemed an unsafe situation, suffice to say molly and I did not coexist. I can’t help from offering a last mindbender, that it is feasible that my brain decided to release serotonin only from intuitively gathering that the crowd was also doing so, a physical change in brain chemistry caused entirely by the placebo effect.

After we had danced the night away and headed back to our cars, I looked behind me to see Richard walking alongside a young, short, blond-haired man. His presence was neither intimidating nor alarming, but he carried a uniquely strange, foreign, unfamiliar essence. Perhaps he was European or cut from a different cloth. Or a millionaire mundane clothing, you never know. I was informed that the boy was to lead us to an afterparty. He spoke to us rapidly in sporadic bursts about his fascinations. His facial expression and eyes betrayed him, showing a desperate yearning to be showered in admiration, to be exalted as a prodigy, a brilliant shimmering star; if only one might look. He may well have been. Talking about the depths of his computer hacking prowess, he portrayed himself as the character of a disruptive, devious little mastermind, pointing a Wile E Coyote sign of “DANGER” at himself, that read “..I am scared of others” on the backside. It took a few minutes of listening to his conception of terminologies - proxies and botnets and DNS spoofing and phishing - to know which level he was on. He had recently opened Pandora’s Box and was throwing out word salad to terminology fresh in his mind that he was years from grasping the meaning of. These were words he could be fairly sure no one else knew the meaning of, giving him a newfound power to freely play with and organize the coolest sounding phrases into sentences as he pleased, and who could blame him? He was a college freshman pursuing computer science, his eager mind sold on the idea of gaining lucrative skills that would give him the keys to every computer network on the Internet and become an invisible, untraceable ghost that could peer into the secrets of mankind and learn all that this world had to offer. He might have been sold on the same pitch I was, but to be fair he wasn’t completely off the mark. The kid caused me to reflect on my 20 year old self. I shared the enthusiasm but didn’t present myself as villainous or lie about past achievements, abilities and heists - a common and slippery slope amongst techs who realize that they can -, but when I talked about computers to others, was I now seeing how they saw me? “How did I get so lucky? I’ve got the tough, street-smart brawn and the super-intelligent thinker mastermind to have my back.” The kid exclaimed, referring to Richard and I respectively. That first serotonin deprived neuron fired off and traveled down to my mind, paranoid thoughts sparking an alarm of alertness and heightened intensity. I had barely spoken a word since his arrival. I could have had an IQ of 20 and not know how to read for all the kid knew. Did he hack me? He might be a resourceful script kiddie. He could have been following me for months. Did I accidentally catch the attention of a crazy obsessive type online, an isolated loner who related to my style of thinking? Perhaps Richard had said something about me, I decided. I let it go.

We arrived at the location, a shrouded suburb of small one-story houses in the deep nest of Portland, to find no one there. The kid was not given an exact location. It had been a long drive and I was hungry, irritable and physically tired from working. I was ready to go home. “Listen for the sound of music and we’ll follow it.”, I told them. This plan didn’t work, we were too far away. A car sped by and I got enough of a glimpse to see a modded coupe packed full of late night ne'er-do-wellers. They passed us by a few blocks. “They’re going to that party. Let’s follow them.”, I commanded, with zero sense of authority. “How do you know?”, “It’s a speeding car full of loud drunks in a quiet neighborhood in the the middle of the night. Where else would they be going?”, I explained, not in the nicest of tones.
--------proofread up to here. bss

Walking in the direction of the coupe, our eyes caught sight of our destination. Electronic sounds and the murmur of voices carried across the street. A house came into view from which people were coming and going, while a few stood around smoking on a raised patio. I felt unprepared as I forced my legs to walk. I didn’t attend parties, ‘too many people’ is a lie I had told myself. My legs continued to move because I had chosen to move them. I was coming here because I chose to do so. This situation would be as enjoyable as I made it, and what better place to fail at socializing than amongst those I may well never see again? My experience would be based on whether I presented as shut down and guarded or extroverted and genuine. While either external character might reap unpleasant feedback or emotional pain, I decided I would be quite alright. I knew my enemy was myself, that putting up walls and giving into fear had never helped me. That by simply being sincere; the soft spirited, carefree heart, well, this side of me was almost always better received. Humans are eager to stab a fearful coyote, far less likely to butcher a butterfly.  I was too exhausted to obliterate my fear, but I had at least enough energy to keep it at bay. To swallow down my anxiety in the same way I forced my legs to walk up steps.

Ascending the short staircase of the patio, I noticed a man smoking was wearing a t-shirt which bore the same Nintendo logo as my hat. After complimenting his attire and introducing myself, my crew walking ahead of me,  I walked through the front door and proceeded down a staircase into a basement. I passed a handful of the guests in a narrow walkway leading to a small room. There must have been around thirty or so people here in this confined space, a noticeably older crowd by at least a few years than that of the rave. People grouped towards the back of the room and hung thickly around its border, leaving an open dance space with a strip pole in the center. At the other end of the room was a table of sound equipment - keyboards, synths, mixers and laptops - with subwoofers adjoining each side. Four DJ’s sat behind their setup, operating their devices and fine-tuning their more “hardcore” trance mix. Flowing hard cash was the product of such as setup, this was not consumer grade, garageband hardware. Unlike the uplifting vibrance of the rave, this atmosphere was inconspicuously pretentious and sophisticated, indiscernibly serious and collected, disconnected and silent amidst the blaring noise. These were professionally composed partiers, carrying the subtle essence of being lost in a void and wrapped up in their own private worlds, offering each other selected words that gave away nothing. This was a tiny slice of a world of drugs, status and selfishness, individuals and their desires comprising their personal, self contained experience. I unconsciously collected from Richard that he knew we were outsiders blending in and he did not care, enjoying being somewhere new while practicing a more direct approach to “people watching”, that is, observing the crowd up close in an interactive environment. I felt and was doing the same. Whereas my brain might usually tell me to protect myself with  


Her head turned towards my face, and aggressively stated "Why don't you offer me some fucking real shit?" Richard had earlier warned me not to accept cigarettes from anyone at the rave, that they were commonly laced. This seemed more plausible when earlier


Joseph Heller: "Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you."


I know you don't believe it but. I've never talked to a person like that before. I felt like she was repeating things someone was telling her about me from my  Facebook on a microphone.
I felt like she was lying to me. She started talking about scary stuff like. Something about like a bunch of people doing something super illegal and fucked up and how they were brought down. But I don't remember the story.
And there were public details I made that she kept talking about and I only have a couple.
And she was like "I wear my sunglasses at night" which I've posted pubically to Instagram me saying that.
And she was talking about computers too but I could tell she was saying things that were like not hacker learned like me. They were like trained military or FBI style understanding of computers, like she knew how to do high level things but didn't understand why, like she was taught by them. She kept saying little things kinda quietly and then rewording them and not repeating them but I heard what she said and it was like shit that was tmi.
And the other people with them. And the way they closed me into the garage.
I think the drug deal I saw was fake.
“
